Brother-in-law, are you serious?
You can really make Lin Fei
They were crying and begging my sister to come back
When have I ever lied to you?
Okay, I'll be out in a while
You stay with your sister
But mom seems to be coming back
Don't let her worry too
I know, but husband
What can you do?
Wei
Temporarily confidential
sister
Just for that, don't run away
Promise you can
As long as you come back with me
And stop investigating the matter.
You know I'm not going back
Before that matter is investigated
I won't find out.
Then change the condition
You are my sister
We are not related by blood
And don't you forget
We have an engagement
It sounds like you betrayed me first
Don't push your luck.
Sister, you are embarrassing me
Sister, you can't help me between the two of us
I can't help you either.
Why don't you promise me
Shen legend
You drug me